♪♪
‐Not everything has
a beginning, sweetheart.
You can move somewhere
you ain't been,
but what's that mean?
You ain't where you was.
You ain't where you gonna be.
That don't ever change.
'Round and 'round and 'round,
doing circles 'round the sun.
Everything new
and old
and always.
♪♪
‐Initial descent,
alpha at 18.5 degrees,
heat shield at 1,900 Celsius,
all systems go.
Trajectory?
‐Trajectory nominal.
‐Vibration alert.
Attitude alert ‐‐
alpha.
‐Angle of attack?
‐Alpha at 18.1 and decreasing.
Alpha dot is
negative one degree per second.
Shield at 2,100.
‐Auto‐correct not active.
‐Auto‐correct initiate.
‐Auto‐correct not responding.
‐Permission for manual override.
‐Permission granted.
‐Go manual. All right.
‐Shield at 2,100.
Shield at 2,200.
‐Come on.
‐2,300.
2,400.
‐Heat limit.
Heat limit.
‐What the fuck?!
‐Heat limit.
‐What's going on in there?
‐Goddamn cicada.
‐Limit exceeded.
‐I got it. I got it.
Limit exceeded.
‐Ohh.
‐Zed's dead, baby.
‐Let's shut it down.
[ Motor powers down ]
Okay, everybody
come on out of there.
Uh, get it sprayed, checked,
do whatever you have to do.
‐Take a couple hours.
‐Everybody, let's take a break
till he's got it reset.
Kayla, we should go ahead
and do that now.
‐Yep. Yep.
Can I get a paper towel, please?
‐We need Aiko
for her systems expertise
and Matteo for medical.
So it really comes down
to these two.
Fletcher has mission experience.
He's a good pilot.
But now that we have
both me and Tom,
there's some redundancy.
Hewitt has never been to space.
But cutting our science
specialist would impact
our work on the surface.
It's a difficult choice,
but I suggest cutting Fletcher.
‐Doesn't keeping the more
experienced astronaut
make the most sense?
‐Aiko and Matteo haven't been
to space, either.
That shouldn't be a basis
for whether ‐‐
‐Understood, but like you said,
Aiko's our engineer, and Matteo
keeps everyone healthy.
In fact, both of their jobs are
directly related to survival.
‐Remember, the focus of Crew Two
was supposed to be science.
Now, I understand Crew One
was proof of concept.
That falls on us now.
But we shouldn't abandon
what this team
was originally designed for.
Sadie has doctorates
in geology and biology,
years doing core‐sample research
in Antarctica.
There is no one better equipped.
‐What do you think, Tom?
‐I think we need
to discuss it further.
‐So, are you not in alignment?
‐I ‐‐
This was just an opportunity
to get your input.
‐NASA would like to announce
this crew sooner than later.
Give it the feeling
of inevitability,
put faces to the mission.
‐We ‐‐ We understand that.
‐And is NASA good
with either choice?
‐We defer to the commander.
‐Okay, well, I'm sure Tom
will make the right decision.
‐Thank you both.
‐Thank you, Bob.
‐This shake‐up is
disruptive enough.
We can't devalue the science.
It changes
the whole team dynamic.
‐Look, I don't think
I'm gonna make it tonight.
‐You have to.
It's her anniversary.
‐Yeah, so they should have fun.
Not have this hanging
over their head.
‐It would be good for you
to spend some time
with them off the clock.
‐Yeah, but I'm the reason
somebody's gonna be cut.
They don't need the grim reaper
at the party.
‐You're leaning toward Sadie?
That's why you don't want it
to influence you ‐‐
seeing her celebrate her ‐‐
‐I don't want to be influenced
by anything
until we've made a decision.
‐About an hour ago.
‐What are
the diagnostics saying?
‐No response.
‐None?
‐Look at this.
‐Well, that can't be right.
‐It has to be the software.
‐Pull up the onboard cameras,
please.
It doesn't look like
we have a leak.
We'd see some kind of
atmospheric variance.
If the LO‐‐
Pull the cameras back up,
please.
‐Did they crash?
‐The onboard cameras
are not responding.
We have visuals from the rest
of the hardware on the surface,
but I'm more worried
about the sensor data.
There's no atmospheric
temperature reading,
and, uh, LOX levels
seem to be missing, too.
‐And this all happened
after the software update?
‐Yes.
‐How serious is this?
‐Well, I can't say
until we re‐spin the EHA.
‐I'll need a full rundown
for my report.
The problem, probable causes,
next steps.
‐We've had comms issues
with the MAV before.
‐Isolated.
This looks systemic.
‐Let's not jump
to any conclusions.
This isn't a crisis yet.
‐We don't know if our ascent
vehicle is making fuel.
Even if it is, we don't know
if it's operational.
Would that be
a correct assessment?
‐You don't need to put this
in your report.
Let's not get the folks
all riled up in DC.
‐I'm gonna get back
to my people,
start working on that rundown.
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
‐Think about what
you're asking me to do.
‐There's nothing wrong
with waiting
until we have more information.
‐My responsibility
is to the taxpayers.
‐And I'm just asking that
we hold off
until we know exactly what ‐‐
‐Stop.
Please do not cross this line.
‐There you go.
Second round in five minutes!
♪♪
‐Okay, slow down.
Mom.
That ‐‐ That doesn't go
with anything else on the menu.
‐Thomas loves my shoyu.
‐Tom's not coming.
‐Then I'll eat it.
Your tri‐tip's too salty.
‐Your pork's too fatty.
Hey, kids, what did I say?
Go clean up before dinner.
Okay, go, go!
‐Are you sure we can't do
anything to help?
‐What? No!
You two are the guests of honor.
‐I need a serving spoon.
‐Oh, uh, you know what,
there's one on the counter.
‐Oh, okay. All right, thanks.
‐Try this.
‐Oh, thanks.
‐This is my ‐‐ This is my move.
‐Okay.
‐Let me try.
‐This is how ‐‐
you know, when I get ‐‐
‐Mmm! That needs more sugar.
‐Don't question
my barbecue sauce.
‐She's right.
It needs more.
‐You, too?
‐Oh, I'm sorry.
Did I bruise your fragile ego?
‐Ohh!
‐I like her style!
‐Yeah, she's a keeper.
‐Hey, I‐I‐I can take
a little criticism.
I'm man enough.
♪♪
[ Cicadas buzzing ]
‐There it is.
‐Wait, wait.
Hang on. Hang on.
Okay.
Got it?
All right.
Okay, a little further up.
Okay?
‐I got it.
‐Got it?
‐Yeah.
‐Okay.
‐There's no way we're making
this rendezvous by 18:00.
‐Well, we just have
to pick up the pace.
‐Let me see.
Uh, 18 kilometers.
Straight shot.
More like 30 with this pond.
‐We average three kilometers
an hour, we should ‐‐
‐There's no way.
We have to leave her.
We already burned
35 minutes on this.
It's time to make a decision.
‐I don't want to leave
someone behind.
‐Either you and me survive,
or no one does.
I guarantee you the other team
is leaving Tom.
‐I don't care what
the other team is doing.
‐All right, well,
if you don't come with me,
I'm gonna go on my own.
♪♪
‐Then go on your own.
Should I go with him?
‐I can't weigh in.
‐Pause.
‐Never even heard of it
before last year.
‐It's, um ‐‐ it's a part of the,
uh...
[ Indistinct conversations ]
‐Yeah. Yeah, it was like ‐‐
‐Right?
‐So, I don't know
the story of how you guys...
Actually, you know what?
[ Glass clinking ]
Guys, guys.
Ollie's gonna tell us the story
of how he proposed. Right?
‐Yes!
‐Aw!
‐Don't we want to hear this?
‐It's a good one.
‐Is it?
‐Pretty good.
‐The comedy of errors
of my proposal.
Um...
So, I chose this spot at the
bottom of a beautiful garden
and we're under a tree
and there's a love seat. And...
‐Oh, how convenient.
‐This a proposal or a murder?
‐Oh, my God!
[ Laughter ]
‐We want answers
for that question, as well.
‐I've got the ring
in my pocket...
‐Okay.
‐...and my heart's going.
And a bird shits on my head.
‐Oh!
‐No!
‐Yeah.
‐So, there I am with this glob
of bird shit on my head.
‐It was that big.
‐And I refuse to acknowledge
its existence.
‐What?
‐I mean,
I've been planning this.
I'll be fucked if some pigeon's
incontinence is gonna ruin it.
‐Oh, my God.
‐You don't say anything?
‐Well, if he wasn't going to,
neither was I?
‐I take ‐‐ I take her hand...
‐Oh!
‐...very romantic‐like...
‐What is...? Oh, wow!
‐Oh, my God!
‐...and I say, "Listen to me"...
‐Yes.
‐..."you stuck‐up"...
‐No.
‐..."brilliant
pain in my ass"...
‐Brilliant's good.
‐What?
‐..."you are going to marry me
one day."
Three fucking years later,
persistence won the day, and...
‐Here we are.
‐...alas, here we are.
Thank you for joining us
on this our, um ‐‐
What is it?
‐Really?
‐Oh, boy.
‐Wow.
‐Yeah.
‐Ooh, whoa.
‐Eighth.
‐Ohh!
‐He deserved that.
‐Wow. Thank you, Aiko and Todd.
Thank you so much.
‐Yes, thank you.
Cheers to this beautiful dinner.
‐You're welcome!
‐Cheers!
‐It's a treat!
‐It's time to say grace.
‐Cheers.
‐Mm‐hmm!
‐It's time to say grace.
‐We did that already, Mom.
‐Well, we have to say grace
before we eat.
‐We ate.
Um, the meal's over.
Let's say grace in your bedroom?
Then you can go to sleep.
Come on.
‐Good night, everyone.
‐Good night.
‐Night‐night.
‐Good night, Edith.
‐Good night, Mom.
♪♪
‐Last one.
‐Busy fucking shift, huh?
‐No shit.
‐Hey, you coming out tonight?
‐I don't know.
I just want to go home, shower.
‐Stay dirty. Come out.
‐It's called the Mars
Ascent Vehicle. The MAV.
It's on the surface.
‐It's already there?
‐It was sent ahead of time.
To make its fuel
from the atmosphere.
‐Well, technically, it turns CO2
into liquid oxygen.
It takes about 10 months.
‐After our 18 months is up,
we get inside, it takes off,
and docks with the MTV,
which is already in orbit,
and brings us back to Earth.
‐So, if that's not working,
then there's
no way for you to come ‐‐
‐Mnh‐mnh.
‐Don't.
‐We're fucked. We're fucked.
Marooned.
It's a one‐way ticket.
‐Seriously. Seriously. Really?
‐It's true.
‐You still want to, uh,
date an astronaut?
You sure? You sure?
‐Uh, ask me
after the second date.
‐Ohh!
‐Ohh! Oh! Oh!
Man got himself a second date!
[ Indistinct conversations ]
♪♪
‐[ Breathing heavily ]
‐Stop.
Time's up.
♪♪
‐Thanks.
‐You need to rest a bit?
‐No.
‐Okay.
Let's go.
[ Cicadas buzzing ]
‐50 klicks north of Adak,
New Year's Eve,
capsized crab boat.
The plan was to yank out
the survivors, get back to base,
and be in the bar by the time
the ball drops on TV.
But this fucking storm.
Beaufort 10 gale.
I'm flying low,
20 meters above the water,
so I can find the raft.
It's dark.
We've got our NVGs on.
We can barely see shit.
Our co‐pilot finally
sees the target.
Then alarms start going off.
One of my engines flames out,
and then this rogue wave slams
right into us, all right?
Somehow, I get myself unstrapped
and out of there
and I'm swimming like a madman.
Then, boom, it's my chest,
and I can't move.
And I'm like, "I'm gonna die."
Then I did.
‐You what?
‐Died for seven minutes.
‐Cold shock?
‐Yeah, the only thing
that kept me from
going brain dead was the cold.
Swimmer hauls me onto the raft.
He breaks two ribs pumping till
the pistons start firing again.
‐What happened to the others?
‐Uh, mechanic made it.
Co‐pilot didn't. Impact got him.
Mike Vodanovich.
Yeah, he was a good guy.
Actually, he could be
a total asshole sometimes.
He pulled this prank on me
once where we were...
[ Twigs snap ]
‐Any injuries?
‐No.
‐You're five hours late.
Go get some chow, get hydrated,
and stop by the medical tent.
‐Yeah.
‐She pushed herself
to the limit.
‐That wasn't the point
of the exercise.
‐She knows that.
‐Well, she should have made
a different choice.
♪♪
‐You okay?
‐Yes.
‐Yes!
‐Hi.
‐Hi!
You know what, I think
we can do much better than wine.
‐Why? What do you have?
‐Uh...
Hmm?
‐Hey, what is that?
‐Mezcal.
I got these amazing
little copitas in Mexico City.
You're supposed to use sliced
orange and chili, but fuck it.
[ Cheering in distance ]
‐Nice pour.
‐[ Laughs ]
‐Okay.
‐Cheers.
[ Both laugh ]
That is dangerous.
‐[ Scottish accent ]
♪ When I wake up ♪
♪ Well, I know I'm gonna be ♪
♪ I'm gonna be the man
who wakes up next to you ♪
‐Aw!
‐♪ When I go out ♪
♪ Yeah, I know I'm gonna be ♪
♪ I'm gonna be the man
who goes along with you ♪
‐Ollie!
‐And if I get drunk ♪
‐Yes!
‐♪ Well, I know I'm gonna be ♪
♪ I'm gonna be the man
who gets drunk next to you ♪
♪ And if I haver up ♪
♪ Yeah, I know I'm gonna be ♪
♪ I'm gonna be the man
who's havering to you ♪
♪ But I would walk 500 miles ♪
♪ And I would walk 500 more ♪
♪ Just be the man
who walks 1,000 miles ♪
♪ To fall down at your door ♪
♪ When I come home ♪
‐♪ When I come home ♪
‐♪ Well, I know I'm gonna be ♪
♪ I'm gonna be the man
who comes back home to you ♪
‐♪ When I grow old ♪
‐♪ Well, I know I'm gonna be ♪
♪ I'm gonna be the man
who grows old next to you ♪
♪ And I would walk 500 miles ♪
♪ And I would walk 500 more ♪
[ Jazz music playing ]
[ Cheering ]
♪♪
‐Hey, hold my beer?
‐I think I'm gonna head home.
You want to share a car?
‐No, I'm good.
‐It's late.
Let's ‐‐ Let's go.
‐I'll see you tomorrow.
♪♪
‐...cannot.
Oh.
Wow!
‐Come on in.
‐[ Speaks indistinctly ]
‐Wow.
‐I love it!
Mm, the smell of it!
‐This one.
‐Yes!
‐Whoa.
[ Pop‐rock music playing ]
♪♪
‐Your turn.
‐Poor, little horndogs.
♪♪
13 years crawling around as
maggots all for this one moment,
this urge,
this undeniable need
to crawl out of the dirt
and bang their brains out.
And then, poof. Dead.
We fuck.
We die.
We breathe.
We know we're going back
to the mud.
But still, we live.
♪♪
‐Sorry.
‐No. I‐I just ‐‐
‐It's ‐‐ It's cool.
It's cool.
♪♪
‐We're not supposed to
for the first year.
I mean, a year's almost up,
but still...
‐You're not supposed to what?
‐Any relationships.
My meetings.
♪♪
‐Oh, shit. I forgot.
Oh, sorry. I ‐‐
‐No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, you're fine.
‐Yeah?
‐Go for it.
♪♪
‐So, we were just kind of
messing around, right?
Nothing serious,
like a, uh, relationship?
♪♪
[ Both laugh ]
You wouldn't want to be with me,
anyways.
I mean, I snore.
I've got holes in my underwear.
I piss with the door open.
I mean, the sex is good.
So I've been told.
And I can cook.
‐You can dance.
‐I can dance.
I can cook
and dance simultaneously
and say
the Pledge of Allegiance.
‐[ Laughs ]
♪♪
‐I have got an early day.
‐The music.
♪♪
[ Music stops ]
‐This the astronaut?
I've never touched
a real live astronaut before.
‐You really don't want
to come near me.
‐Let's go. Let's go.
Come on. Guys.
Go home.
‐Bye.
‐This guy?
‐His name is Finn.
‐I don't give a damn
what his name is.
He had weed, Denise.
‐I didn't smoke any.
Oh, believe what you want.
‐Denise.
‐I didn't do anything wrong.
‐Why do you put yourself
at risk like this?
You got booze everywhere, drugs.
‐I work in a fucking bar, Dad.
‐But you brought it here,
in our house.
‐What do you want me to do,
not go out? Not have friends?
‐I want you to think.
‐"I want you to think."
That's exactly
what you used to say to mom.
‐We're talking about you,
not her.
‐Do you have any idea
how that made her feel
when you said that?!
You know, every time
I bring her up, you run.
‐I'm not running.
‐No, you're just pretending
like it didn't happen.
‐You got to let it go.
You can't let her bring us down,
too.
‐Dad.
Do you remember
what she used to say
to make us smile,
instead of "cheese"?
‐One...two...three...
‐"Say, 'motherfucker.'"
‐When was this?
‐That was the day you got
back from the moon.
‐The day of the parade?
‐Yeah. Yeah.
Everyone wanted to take selfies
with you,
so I thought
we should get our own.
‐I don't want to fight.
‐Me, either.
‐I trust you ‐‐
I‐I want to trust you.
I‐I do trust you.
‐Maybe you should come
to one of my meetings?
See for yourself.
‐Would they allow that?
‐Yeah, anyone can come.
‐I'd like that.
‐Yeah.
Okay.
‐Get yourself some sleep.
‐You, too.
‐Shouldn't have scheduled this
the day after we all
drank like fishes.
Okay.
Sleep?
‐Normal.
‐Appetite?
‐Good.
‐How are your dreams?
‐You never asked me
about my dreams before.
‐I'm asking now.
‐I don't dream.
‐Everyone does.
‐Not me.
‐So, you're saying
you don't remember them.
♪♪
‐What were you thinking
climbing that high?
‐I want to go to space.
Do you think that's stupid?
‐Might be better ways to prepare
than climbing fences
and busting your arm.
No. I don't think
it's stupid at all.
‐You are wrong, Tom.
‐Let me finish.
‐I'm telling you you are wrong.
‐She does not have
what it takes.
‐Yes, she does.
I'm certain of it.
Listen, Nick ‐‐ He'll be fine.
He'll take it like a pro.
I'll tell him it was
my recommendation.
He will respect that,
and it insulates you.
‐I watched the survival training
again last night.
‐She learned the lesson.
‐She had the wrong instinct.
‐That is what
the training is for.
‐You cannot teach instinct.
I need people who are gonna do
the hard thing. That's all.
‐Is this still a discussion?
‐We can keep discussing it
if you want to.
‐Yeah, but you made
up your mind.
‐I have.
Is that gonna be a problem?
Because we've got
a long road ahead.
‐No.
No problem at all.
‐All right, then I'll get
the approval from Laz and Bob,
and we'll tell the crew
tomorrow.
[ Clears throat ]
‐You're home early.
‐Yeah, just physicals today.
‐Hey.
‐Oh. Sorry.
‐Grab some paper.
‐I thought you were out
in the Irish Channel.
‐Final coat on the walls.
I don't need
to literally watch paint dry.
No, no, the 320 grit.
It's gonna be a gorgeous house.
Just put in these, uh,
asymmetric skylights.
I'll take you by this weekend.
Hey. Lighter. Lighter.
This is the finish.
♪♪
‐What's your hesitation?
‐The facilities are phenomenal.
The chance to do
this sort of science...
‐But...
‐I have to speak to my husband.
It's a big life change for him,
for both of us to move here.
He's on tenure track
at Cambridge.
‐Tell him we've had
2,000 scientists apply.
I've personally met over 50.
I want you.
‐When I submitted
my application,
I don't even know why I did it.
It's not like I've always
wanted to be an astronaut.
‐Let me ask you a question.
Straight up.
Are you the best at what you do?
I think you are.
And you know you are.
That's why you applied.
But if you think
there's someone better,
please tell me because
I should be speaking to them
instead of you.
♪♪
‐No.
There's no one better.
‐You could be the person
that discovers life on Mars.
Does your husband
understand that?
More importantly,
do you understand that?
‐I'd be losing years of work
if I don't
make it through training.
‐You will.
‐You can't promise that.
‐Trust me on this.
You've got that thing.
You'll make it.
I promise you.
‐You here?
Or someplace else?
‐When is the bedroom
gonna get finished?
I've had enough
of this air mattress.
‐Want to talk about it?
‐Decisions get made.
Fine.
And some are wrong.
Can I live with this one?
Yes.
But I always make it work.
My ‐‐
My whole ‐‐ My whole career.
And I‐I just feel like
at this point,
enough already!
I mean...
Listen to me.
I know what I'm talking about.
I‐I've been given this command
for a reason.
I've earned it.
I've excelled at it. And I...
And here we are again!
And I just feel...
‐Maybe you need to talk to Laz.
‐Mm, chain of command.
‐Screw chain of command.
‐No, that ‐‐ that ‐‐
that chain of command
got me where I am.
‐And your silence
is being rewarded.
You are spending 2 1/2 years
with this guy.
‐I'll get through this.
I just need to recalibrate.
‐It's ‐‐ Uh, you know, it's like
that song I sang at summer camp.
♪ And the cat came back ♪
♪ The very next day ♪
And she's all like,
"Feed me. Meow!"
But this bitch just barks back.
She runs off.
So, you know,
as long as I got some dog in me,
one day, one bark at a time.
Yeah.
Uh, so anyway, thanks, guys.
‐Thanks, Myk.
‐I'm Denise.
Dopeless hope fiend.
[ Laughter ]
‐Hi, Denise.
‐Uh, I've been good, I guess.
I kept a job for more
than three months.
That is a big one for me.
Myk here makes sure
I don't fuck up too bad.
Um, the painting's
been going okay.
I hate thinking about it like
it's some sort of therapy
or something,
but it is, I guess.
You know, I can concentrate.
Like the cicadas, I don't ‐‐
I don't hear them
when I'm painting.
I‐I don't hear anything.
It just gets really quiet.
I don't even think.
And all the noise, all that shit
that eats you up, it just...
I don't know.
Like...
Even my mom ‐‐
It's twisted, you know?
The river's right there.
Every time I walk outside,
like it's screaming at me,
and I want to make it stop.
But when I paint...
Anyway, uh, yeah.
That's it.
‐Thanks, Denise.
‐I'm with her.
‐Anyone else?
‐Do you want to go?
‐I'm good.
‐Okay, well, I'll go.
Hey, my name is Luke.
I'm an addict.
‐Hey, Luke.
‐Hi, Luke.
♪♪
‐She's expecting you.
‐Thank you.
‐Look at this.
‐Sync.
‐What is it?
‐When I was a girl,
I built a lightning rod.
‐Did lightning strike?
‐Once
‐You knew a storm
was on the way.
‐They knew.
Starlings.
They looked like lungs.
I tried to breathe with them.
♪♪
It's a program I wrote for, uh,
Devon and Amanda's 5th birthday.
‐[ Chuckles ]
‐Can you give me a hand?
Thanks.
‐Yeah.
♪♪
‐You can touch them.
Take a seat.
♪♪
It was unfair what I asked you.
‐There's a lot of pressure
on all of us.
I was probably too harsh.
‐You were doing your job,
and I respect that.
‐I might be able to stall
for a week or two.
‐Whatever you're
comfortable with.
‐But if they get on my back...
‐I understand.
You'll do what you need to.
♪♪
‐Sadie. You okay?
‐Yeah.
[ Voice breaking ] Ollie and I
love the tea service.
We used it this morning.
Thank you.
‐Shit.
‐Want a drop of Irish in there?
♪♪
[ Dog barks faintly in distance ]
[ Dog continues barking ]
[ Cicadas buzzing ]
♪♪
‐Shut the fuck up!
[ Buzzing continues ]
♪♪